# Austin Howard-Clark: Individual Capstone Assessment
## Introduction
In choosing a topic for my senior-design project, I hoped to find something that would interest me at all times of the day. Something that would muddle around in my head for hours on end as I continually thought of new ways to design and implement the topic into my project. I also wanted to apply things I have learned from my experiences in life; from my first day in college to the hardest exams I have taken, from my first 5 nervous minutes of working in an office setting to all of my co-workers knowing my name. After countless hours pondering topics and ideas, a project idea was created. With **Arcadio**, my time spent at UC and through co-op would be joined. This project will test all areas of my education as I construct, program, and tinker away in creating something truly useful to anyone interested in video game development. I hope to create a structure and web interface that any game dev would love to create for themselves. Something that allows them to test the game they have been putting countless hours into while adding in a bit of retro nostalgia. The project will challenge me to implement my ideas, and to use my resources in it's creation. 

## College Curriculum
Throughout the design and construction of "Arcadio", the college curriculum will be visible in my understanding of the technology I am working with. Knowledge gained from taking **EECE 3093C Software Engineering** will be fundamental as I devise a strategy for the grand design of the project. All documentation will be completed with the help of material covered in **ENGL 3071 Technical Writing**, which provided a basis for creating instructions and diagrams. Once the project is mapped out and planned. What I learned from **2040C Fundamentals of Web Development** is going to help dramatically with the implementation of a webpage and webserver on the rapsberry pi 4. Throughout the construction of the frame, building tips learned during **ENED 1020 Engineering Foundations** will play a critcal role in the overall appeareance of the "Arcadio". During my presentation **COMM 1071 Introduction to Effective Speaking**'s presence in the curriculum will help convey the information clear and professionally. Combined the education obtained from the curriculum will allow me to tackle the issue of design and quickly move on to prototyping and implementation.

## Co-op Experiences
My time spent working for **Honeywell Intelligrated** over the past 3 years will prove invaluable in the development of my senior-design project. I was able to work on a wide variety of projects while at Honeywell and learned a lot about Linux, Shell Scripting, Web Development, and Customer Service. By working closely with customers as they called in for help to troubleshoot issues, I now have a better understanding of what a new user would experience when seeing my project for the first time. This will prove helpful in the construction of User Stories and Design Diagrams. The information I learned about Linux and Shell Scripting will be the core of the knowledge I am using while configuring the raspberry pi 4 and necessary scripts for the project. Having setup a web server for the department at Honeywell, I will utilize this learned skill to turn the raspberry pi 4 into a platform capable of user imports. Having a variety of learned skills and experiences from my time as a co-op is going to greatly shape the project.

## Motivation
Designing and constructing a web interface paired with physical controls typically seen in an arcade room has always been a project on my bucketlist. From initial design and the first prototypes to a fully fleshed out arcade cabinet, I am excited for every stage of "Arcadio". I have always been a fan of developing games in my free time, and have encountered a few issues with the process that I hope to design with this project. It is difficult to get others to test your game for issues as they lose interest before the game is loaded in front of them with a controller in hand. I hope to address this by creating an eye catching cabinet that will allow me to showcase games I have made. I also find motivation in the fact that other game developers who are learning the ropes could also complete a similar project on their own. I hope to inspire others to follow their passion and not let it dwindle away as people gloss over games the developer has poured hours into. 


## Preliminary Project Approach
To start, arcade cabinets will be heavily researched so I have several examples to reference in regards to components needed as well as placement of each component. This will include researching which arcade components are compatible with an arduino and how controls from them can be input to a raspberry pi. There will be several milestones throughout the project such as; setup of the raspberry pi web server, input of arcade components to the pi, and having a working prototype. I expect to have a visually appealing cabinet constructed, with a polished web interface for the uploading of games. Being a solo project all work will be done by myself, forcing me to keep myself on track and stick to the timeline for each task. I believe the project will go through several changes well past the expo, and will continue to be added to as new features are thought of. I will know I have done a good job when I can walk up to the machine, and play a game I have uploaded to it from its web interface.








